Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stranger, how are you
Michelle: Hanging in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything going
Michelle: Same really trying to figure out what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Still haven't gotten any decisions made and or option opportunities.
Well,
Michelle: I mean,
Michelle: We're pretty much like I mean we've already talked to, like, HUD. And we've already talked to the DHS office and they
Michelle: They want us to put in like a 30 day notice with HUD. And then we have to be up there and wait for an interview and
Michelle: Wait for, I guess them to get all their paperwork and everything in order for us to be able to find like a HUD approved place but they they told us, like what's going to, it could be a while so we have to either have somewhere to stay in the meantime, or
Michelle: You know. So as of right now the way that it's looking. We're going to be living out of our van for a while, unless we can figure out like
Michelle: A room to rent or something.
Michelle: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What area where you move into
Michelle: We were looking to me to Coos Bay. My father is pressuring me really badly in order for us to even get the van. He wants us to move to Tuesday.
Michelle: And we're in Crescent City, California right now. So it's a good like two and a half, three hour drive from where we are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a completely different state. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they want you to put a 30 day notice and with hadn't California
Michelle: And then we got our 90 day eviction here. So we literally have for until March 31
Michelle: To be out of where we are right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And there's no way that they can expedite the process in Oregon.
Michelle: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you don't have any place to stay in Oregon. Your dad. You can't say with your dad.
Michelle: My dad is a slacker. And he lives out of his van that he just bought to give me his old van and when he's off on his days off. He says, with my grandparents who stays with his mom stepped out but
Michelle: We can't stay there.
Michelle: We just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stuck between a rock and a hard space.
Michelle: Yeah, I mean, because like just here where we are. There's, there's
Michelle: Every, every like HUD DHS every person that we've talked to just keep saying good luck. There's just nothing available in our area right now.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what, why, can I ask why you got an eviction notice
Michelle: They never gave us a reason. AND WHEN THEY HANDED MY FIANCE the paperwork on it. All he had to say was, because we're us rich people looked down upon people like you, what our neighbors. It's there's there's four units here and our neighbors on to end behind us and
Michelle: Worked with the owners are friends with the owners and
Michelle: Oh, back in October, I think it was
Michelle: She came over the owner Christian she came over and she had told me that my next door neighbor here right on the other side of this wall complained that we were blasting our music at 6am
Michelle: And and number one on the end said that there were creepy people coming to my house. Nobody comes to my house and my child isn't even up at 6am
Michelle: I wouldn't even be blessed my music at 16 and we've been here for two years now. So it's like
Michelle: You know, honestly, I really don't know. They from the moment we met them. They've always been extremely judgmental that we had another unit where we were before we moved in here. They had purchased while we were living there. We were a year in there and when
Michelle: they purchased it, they moved us here because it was a two bedroom and where we were at was just a small one bedroom and in the beginning, they were all nice and they were all friendly towards us, but we were having problems with an issue of with a woman upstairs, who was
Michelle: locked out of her mind on on speed and just
Michelle: Crazy like she was crazy. Like, she would like literally harass me for no reason. Just to harass me and her
Michelle: Boyfriend assaulted my guy for putting his hand in, but she got my face. One day, as I was sitting on our porch, smoking a cigarette, minding my own business, she got in my face. And he put his arm in between us and she tried to say that he pushed her when he didn't
Michelle: And the cops were called and her dude like just came up out of nowhere, running Adam and just soft my dude in the face and the cops came and they arrested her guy. And ever since then. She's just like,
Michelle: It doesn't matter if I'm just my back is to or whatever, like she was just an internet, you know, and
Michelle: So when they bought the place they moved us over here, not just because they were the process of evicting them and things were just escalating and getting worse. So we were we've qualified for a bigger place so they moved us to here.
Michelle: And then after we moved here. We had no problems whatsoever until the people next door moved in and number one moved in and they're just, you know, they're just judgmental people, you know, like, I mean we're not rich, you know, we're just
Michelle: Average people you know and and i'm sure
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: The world is getting crazy people are frickin just being judgmental and and it's it's getting to be scary. You know, like when I mean we literally have not done anything wrong. I mean,
Michelle: My dad drives a Harley sometimes, and he shows up in this do rag and, you know, and this bike and
Michelle: They called my dad creepy went before they even knew he was my dad, you know, so it's just like who are you to judge who's creepy and who's not. You know, like
Michelle: Yeah, there's yeah my dad's a contractor and he flags and they have like my brother's a fisherman, you know, so we just like
Michelle: They're just completely different kinds of people like you could just tell by the way that the address and the way that they drive you know just
Michelle: Yeah, you know, and we're just
Michelle: Same thing with the owner
Michelle: There that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And no, there's no talking to the owner about giving you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Michelle: Now she's I watched what she did. There's, there's a lot more involved. You know, because she was super nice and friendly in the beginning and
Michelle: She had another girl that was unheard over on history and I mean I know she had her reasons and stuff. And we don't
Michelle: The reasons were completely different, but she made quite a lot of comments about like not dealing with her anymore, but was like, Oh, but you guys wrote, you guys are different, you know, and
Michelle: She just kept making a lot of comments about not wanting to deal with HUD anymore. And we're the only other were the only people left. She kicked out everybody else over there and moved her son in and
Michelle: Yeah, so when they remodeled, the one over here, they, they did they put in foreground counter crops. I mean, they just kind of like cater to like the
Michelle: You know, it's hard to explain, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. I get it.
Michelle: You're on live it like
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the only way you're going to believe what I'm really going through unless you're living it to right and how has everything else been going. I mean, that's a big stressor, but
Michelle: You know anything
Michelle: Else is I'm working on my schoolwork. I stay home a lot. I really don't go anywhere we go for walks to the store to the park or whatnot, you know,
Michelle: While the weather's unclear little bit here.
Michelle: I've just been staying home and trying to
Michelle: Hack all this up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to figure it out.
Michelle: Yeah, my dad. My dad.
Michelle: Yeah, I mean, he's made some promises and my dad's made promises in the past, and he never fulfilled. He's never fulfilled.
Michelle: And
Michelle: Really really hoping like he's he's going to give us that man because at least we have the van to fall back on, you know, and I mean it's going to be summertime. You know, like
Michelle: If anything, we can go camp on the frickin riverbed or kept the beach, you know, we're going to be camping all summer.
Michelle: You know cuz I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so just so that I have some clarity on this whole thing you've already contacted or again head.
Michelle: Yeah, we have to
Michelle: We haven't contacted the Oregon HUD yet. My dad is going to help me out with a storage unit for all of my stuff.
Okay.
Michelle: We have to be a resident of Oregon to in order to get on their state assistance in the HUD and all that we have to be a resident of Oregon. We have to be able to prove that were a resident of Oregon.
Michelle: Going to be residents and in order for them, like California. It's like a whole drawn out process of like a whole like I guess I've been I'm guessing a month because they want California to be like cancel the state assistance that we get for here and then
Michelle: Started up in Oregon. But the way that like it's paid you know
Michelle: Yeah, we're waiting till March to give our 30 days because that's, you know, after you know the first of March, that's when our threads, you know, is that, and we don't want to like
Michelle: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know
Michelle: You know, like, cuz I know HUD still paying the rent.
Michelle: So, okay, you are a citizen in Oregon, we would have to be responsible.
Michelle: For the complete rent here.
Michelle: Right. You know, like it's, it's, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, um, I moved down. He moved from Oregon to California and what I know is that when you go in after you put your 30 day notice in and you go in and sign up for housing. Housing down there and you let them know that you're homeless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have to transfer to Oregon because you're closer to your dad, but you don't have any place to stay, makes up for you know sleeping in a van I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry. Nice. Appreciate it. Anyways, that kind of puts you as a priority on their list in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So once you put your 30 day notice in here in California, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would start the process and Oregon and what they mean by a resident is, you know, when you get your driver's license. Here, you got to take in like two pieces of mail right put something in in the mail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To your dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, kind of put his name and then your name underneath it and that establishes residency.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having that mail through the Postal Service and it can't be an empty envelope. Don't send an empty envelope. I found that out the hard way, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do know that you know it's going to take a little bit of work. But once you guys do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start the process in California, you know, the faster that you get everything applied for an Oregon, the faster. You're going to come up on the list to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Write and there's other programs to that Oregon has for this kind of thing. So, you know, just make sure that you're asking, asking them, what else is available. How else can I get help in this way, and see you know what they have to offer. And every county is kind of different, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The county that you're not on probation or anything.
No.
Michelle: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's another in Oregon. Anyways, that's another in into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Housing short term housing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's what I know about Oregon is that once you get your, your stuff, put in here in California immediately start the process over there and get your paperwork submitted get you know that the proof of address you know from your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Send it to your data ahead of time. You know what I mean, so that you have all these things ready and just start doing you know the process. The great part about it is it's going to be the end of March, beginning of April, the weather's getting ready to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things are going to get a little bit warmer, thank God.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that piece to and pay attention. You have the internet. So start paying attention to places, you know, short term rooms for rent. You know, the people are always, you know, wanting to sublet a bedroom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you can explain your situation, it's you three right yeah you're you. Your boyfriend and baby, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just, you know, let them know what your situation is and what it is that you can afford to pay you know put towards rent and, you know, there's another option for you and just something to explore
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: We've definitely been been talking about it and thinking about, you know, our options and such. Oh, crap.
Michelle: Sorry, my phone.
Michelle: Didn't even warn me
Michelle: Sorry, it didn't.
Michelle: Work with you but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. So tell me how things have been going for you personally
Michelle: My just like Chuck try to just stay home.
Michelle: I just
Michelle: I
Michelle: Just been kind of hanging out at home and
Michelle: I can a little bit here, you know, taking a nap there and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you engaged in any groups here with us.
Michelle: Oh yeah, yeah, I do the Wednesday group with Jamison and
Michelle: always forgive me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sean now.
Sean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: John
Michelle: JOHN. JOHN. JOHN
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I was just wondering, we have to change our appointment time I have somebody else that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has been putting it putting a slot. As a matter of fact, I haven't seen you in a couple weeks is so I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: WHEN THEY SHOULD WE DO popped up. I was like a Michelle. Michelle Oh god. MICHELLE. MICHELLE. Very good. Kimmy respectable, you know, because I hadn't seen you in a couple weeks. I was like, I hope she's okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and that things are going along nicely for you.
Michelle: Yeah, they're they're working. I'm trying to be hopeful and not
Michelle: Just. It's just a lot of stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a lot of stress. But here's the thing. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember, a couple things that you're in a complete transition in your life right now you're getting ready to move from one state to the other and that alone is stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not knowing what exactly it's going to look like when you do make that transition
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is stressful again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what I know Michelle is that if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oregon is a lot. It's been my experience that Oregon is a lot easier to deal with and work with then California as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting help in different areas.
Michelle: I've heard that too, actually. And I'm hoping that that's true because
Michelle: Around here. They just, they don't they don't do anything like to really help you. I mean, I learned that when I was pregnant with the RIAA you know they just they leave yet, you know, whatever's available that comes up first. I mean,
Michelle: There's no him.
Michelle: I know it's it's good. I just, I have a lot of other additional stress added to it to
Michelle: To be able to even drive the van, you know, because I and then just
Michelle: Let me know mean my father. I mean, he's he's told me like he's willing to help me out. But I just
Michelle: Yeah, I'm really worried. I really am. I'm going to end up with nothing like I always I always do and
Michelle: Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he's promised you things in the past and then hasn't followed through.
Michelle: Oh yeah that's that's that's what happened when we moved up here when we moved up it will be very first moved up here. We did talk to me and to help me out. He was, he said he was going to get a vehicle.
Michelle: And he was going to help me get a vehicle so so I could get a job you know and and any ad is gonna help me with a place to stay. Well, in the very beginning. He had me staying with my with his cousin, they mean, I guess, like what my, my first cousin or second cousin.
Michelle: And she was, she was an alcoholic. But just like had some issues like bad like that where I was staying was in their shed with no insulation, no nothing. And, and, you know, just a bunch of like it's
Michelle: I was I was by myself time Alex hadn't come up from Arizona yet, but I was by myself and he was he was working, and he had paid my his cousin to have me sleep in her shed with
Michelle: A portal. I mean, it was, it's just a piece of property in the in the boonies that she's got her fifth wheel trailer on but there there's there's no shower. There's no toilet, you got to use the porta potty. And I didn't have like anywhere. That was really like stable or warm, but
Michelle: His, His thing was, he was going to get me a van where I could sleep in my band.
Michelle: Like him and just hang out with him while he's at work kind of thing and
Michelle: Get a job and there's no excuse of why I can't get a job and save money. If I've got a vehicle that's completely paid for and you know I'm able to get to and from work, blah, blah, blah.
Michelle: And this is like same mentality right now is he's going to give me this vehicle and there should be no reason why I am, which is all
Michelle: True and everything, you know, like either there would be no reason for me not to be a job like get a job. That's not the issue.
Michelle: The issue is, is, is he going to do what he says he's going to do because he's not just promised me the band. He's promised me that he's going to put all my stuff in storage.
Michelle: And these promised me that he would pay the first month insurance on the van. He would pay for the first month's rent on the storage unit and and
Michelle: That's, that's just a lot for me to, I mean him never following through on anything that he's ever said you know and and he he left. That's how we ended up homeless. To begin with, was because of him. We were all sleeping in his van and we, you know, like
Michelle: In his truck at the time when we very first moved up here after Alex would come up here and the band and the place where I was staying there had fallen through
Michelle: He didn't want to fix the van, or what he had gotten two vans one with a bad transmission and one something or other. Will you fix the van that you bought for himself.
Michelle: But never fix the other van that he bought for me and said he was going to fix and blah, blah, blah, blah. So we got into a huge argument over it because we were all living in his truck.
Michelle: And he left. He left my my my guy and I homeless up in Florence Oregon with nothing but the our suitcases and my dog and we hitchhiked all the way down.
Michelle: Here city where I had a friend who was graciously and kind enough to let me shower and do some laundry like once a month.
Michelle: You know, and
Michelle: We found out I was pregnant with the RIAA and and that kind of speed things up a little bit, but
Michelle: Not, not really by much like we we were by the skin of, like, I mean, just before like like a couple months before I get a I had her is when we finally found and got into that place.
Michelle: But
Yeah.
Michelle: When I was out there. I mean I had been, you know, we think we started in May.
Michelle: Where we filed for, you know, caches and housing. It was we started in May. We didn't get into a place until
Michelle: October, November.
Michelle: And I had a worry I had her in January.
Michelle: So like we were out there for a long time.
Michelle: Like just waiting for something to come available waiting on the waiting list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
You know,
Michelle: So, I mean, I am I'm worried about that too. You know, I, you know, because they tell you it's not illegal to be homeless with your kid, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I mean, even if it, you know, we're just
Michelle: Being hippies for the summer camp and, you know, or whatever, it's, it's, they still looked down upon it, you know, they say it's not
Michelle: Illegal but it's, it is still technically because if somebody calls CPS on your whatever, and they come out and how you bathe in your kid every day. How you feed their the food every day. You know when you you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: You know, the year you're unfit you're not providing quality, whatever, whatever. What they deem quality, even though you know i mean i mean shit.
Michelle: It tell you the way I grew up and it would be a lot worse than camping in the back of the van on the beach or the or the river for the summer and tell mom, you know, makes enough money to be able to get into a place
Michelle: Because I am I that's that's that's the plan to is
Michelle: I'm not, I'm not going to sit out there and and
Michelle: Wait.
Michelle: I mean, because I'm if I had the money, I'm sure I could be able to get into a place without having to, you know, rely on the state to they're waiting lists or whatever, find something that accepts the HUD or whatever.
Michelle: You know i'm not i don't i don't want to. I can't wait that long.
Michelle: Yeah. Stay isn't like going to step up. Then I'm going to have to, like, step up, you know, and part of, like, getting the schooling done is being able to like have my diploma and there would be absolutely no reason because I have over 10 years experience as an in home caregiver.
Michelle: I just don't have my diploma. I have certificates of classes and courses that I took in Arizona and worked at Seaview
Michelle: In Oregon that when I was living up there and Brookings with my grandparents property before they sold it. I had a job, you know, like it's just we've been back and forth with them.
Michelle: Just trying to stay closer to my son, like we've been back and forth from Arizona to Oregon last since 20 2014
Michelle: Living like my grandparents. Oh, my dad, he's going to help me out. We're going to live up on the property. Oh, we sold the property. Gotta go. Daddy's gotta go. That's got to figure out what he's going to do, I'm on my own now,
Michelle: It's like I always get left on your on your own. But when he needs help, they step up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Michelle: They take they completely take care of everything.
Michelle: You know, like, I mean,
Michelle: Yeah, they're
Michelle: My uncle is a millionaire.
Michelle: And he pays for the house, but they pay like the bills of the house. You know, like
Michelle: Electric and whatnot, whatever, and they have they're both retired from IBM so they have a retirement pension which is like four or five grand. Each a month.
Michelle: Just direct deposit. I mean, so my grandparent has, like, I mean, they've got like $50,000 stashed in the bank, like they've got money, they just sold
Michelle: The property 25 acres. So it's not like like that. And then when I say they do everything from my father, they do.
Michelle: If he needs 1000 2000 doesn't matter how much he just paid $6,000 for a boat. He just bought. He just paid
Michelle: I don't even know it was like 20 grand he owed left on his Harley and he borrowed. I mean, he's paid it all back over time because he makes good money.
Michelle: But his entire life. I mean like before we move like that because how will like I got in, like, my grandparents have lived up in Brookings Oregon since
Michelle: The mid 90s. I WANT TO SAY MID 90s, early 90s.
Michelle: When they first retired.
Michelle: And
Michelle: Like, that's how I got associated with Oregon and whatnot. But I, you know,
Michelle: They bought a house for my dad literally bought him a house, and when he was divorcing when he found out his first wife cheated and all that and he he he moved. He moved us to Oregon him and I
Michelle: And
Michelle: I mean literally vehicle. They paid for it vehicle needs to be fixed. They paid for it, they've paid for everything up until this point in time. Like, even though he's working if he wants something
Michelle: We get they give him like they literally given the money but anytime. I've ever need help. It's like
Michelle: We're you again like yeah
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just got to be frustrating.
Michelle: It is. It's extremely frustrating it is, you know, because I i
Michelle: When I was pregnant with the RIAA you know i i had. It was a heat. Like, I mean it's kind of
Michelle: Hard for me, too, because I couldn't find it a mall. You can find it, the mall. When I was pregnant with the RIAA when my dad left me homeless. This
Michelle: In what two years ago now to two and a half years ago.
Michelle: Going on three
Michelle: I you know I you know I told them every like I just unloaded on him. You know you cater to him, you know, and here I am pregnant and I'm not, you know, like
Michelle: not asking for anything for free. I'm just asking for a little bit of help you know and and and I, when I mentioned the pole. My dad's situation with the money and whatnot, you know, her husband bill.
Michelle: He's been in and, you know, the kids is like my dad, my uncle two uncles. He's been in their lives, since they were young teenage boys, but you never had kids zone.
Michelle: And he's always been super, super green. So he and my grandparents. I've had issues over the years with my grandmother giving my father all the money. So just this last
Michelle: I think two, three years ago because they
Michelle: Oh, it was like
Michelle: I want to say like six, seven months after a riot was born. My grandmother like went off the cuckoo's nest and
Michelle: Their doctor to grow for meds and she shared bipolar meds and cold turkey and she just went completely manic and bonkers, and they had me come in to try to help her.
Michelle: You know, because I have all the experiences the caregiver, they had me they would that we read, we all reconciled because obviously we had gotten into a place I had to ask my
Michelle: Dad for my stuff.
Michelle: You know, so I had to like reconcile that relationship to get my stuff back because we had finally gotten into a place, but
Michelle: I confronted him about it. Just as when I was pregnant when I was homeless and
Michelle: It was they they separated their money. So Bill has his money and she has her money and
Michelle: She gives them money on the side, and he borrows the money and borrowed more money from Bill, but he has to pay bill off.
Michelle: And doesn't have to pay my grandmother off.
Michelle: It's kind of weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Situation. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, he's not willing to borrow money to help you get settled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no. So another thing to consider too is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't forget about community action up there too. They usually have programs that will help with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With housing and resources as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I know have a place in McMinnville, Oregon. Do you know where McMinnville is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where's my friend. Oh, kind of on the outskirts of Portland.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's a little bit farther up, but I do know that of this program up there that does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Provide housing to help you get on your feet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And help you access resources in the community to be able to get a place and be able to have a safe place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The only different. The only thing that is kind of screwed Bali about it is that you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a men's house and women's house so your partner would be in a men's house and you would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the women's house with the baby. But that's an option too short term until you guys can tell you can get a job or you guys can pull together and get the resources to be able to get us a place for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: FOR YOU GUYS TO BE BACK, YOU KNOW, together, you wouldn't be like separated you just be sleeping separate, you know, in the short term. I mean, I know of that program. So if you're interested, I can give you that information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just I'm telling you, Michelle. Just start really diving in and looking in the area that you're planning on going. And if that's not an option. Expand out your, your area a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see what resources are available, the more work you do on the front end while you're you've got a little bit a few weeks. You know, before you have to go and the more resources, you're going to be able to come up with and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The less stress. It'll also help you reduce your stress because you're actually working towards, you know, a resolution so that you don't have the stress of being homeless. You don't have to depend on your dad, you'll be able to find the resources that you need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do it you know do it in a safe way that you and the baby and your partner have safe places to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just an option to think about, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, what else asked all start thinking of different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different things and I can certainly do some research with the people that I know in Oregon, to see if there are resources that I don't know about that. I can be. Are you towards to see about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Helping you
Michelle: Yeah okay I
Michelle: I'm hoping he will come to me because like
Michelle: I there's so much shit. I don't even I, there's no way I'd have to
Michelle: It has to go and storage in it. Otherwise, any one of them. I can't, I can't get rid of it all. I can't sell it all. I can't keep anything, you know, aside from
Michelle: You know backpack of clothes and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So one step at a time. Okay. I mean, you can really take the scenario with your dad and and make it as as the goal, the option to get this van and for him to follow through with getting your storage in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know and do the things that he's promised you, but the history shows that he has he struggles with coming through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so if you think about it in that realm, instead of sitting in the fear that he won't come through start really exploring yourself start looking at other options and other directions that you can go yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That can help you feel a little bit more secure in this whole process.
Michelle: You know, because I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See it, I can see it on your face. I'll tell you what I what I think you do, and you correct me from wrong, but most lately. Most of your day is consumed with the fear of him falling short.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That doesn't, you know, that doesn't help that doesn't solve solve problems that it actually raises your anxiety, you know, makes you know things for you a lot more harder. So if you explore these other options and have a game. Another game plan in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For your family you and your family, then you'll have a little bit of security under your belt. Does that make sense.
Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah, so I'm the only
Michelle: The only other option really to be would would be to hopefully either me because we're putting in applications here locally to to just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find another place had house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Just keep your keep, you know, keep your options open.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. But, you know, if you're either, you know, walking in fear, you're walking in faith, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you're walking in fear your nerves are on edge. You know, you're not present for your family, you're there, but you're not there, because you're focused on, you know, what am I going to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take breathers of it. Allow yourself not to think about it for 10 or 15 minutes at a time. And I know that's sounds impossible, but I'm telling you the relief of the anxiety, for it will definitely feel feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But would you be willing to what about do they have Community action in California.
Michelle: I know I don't know I'm honestly never heard of anything around here that helps you like glue and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So take a look at it in in the area that you're planning on moving. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do some research and let's see what you can come up with. All right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And. Okay, so I have to change our time that we meet
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pull up my schedule really bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like to 30 okay yeah about 230
Michelle: No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's make it three o'clock, even
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But will you explore those options. This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what you can come up with.
Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm, you know, I'm going to express that are, I'm going to ask that you also pay attention to, you know, your self care and what you're putting in your body as far as food goes and that you're getting enough sleep because this is such a stressful time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of times we lose our appetite. We're not sleeping really well and it really kind of throws everything that we're working on off kilter.
And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just try to be really be mindful about how you're taking care of yourself. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And through this process and all I'll read all research in Oregon with some of the people that I know and find out what other options there are and maybe be able to bring some more information to the table next week when we meet
Okay.
Michelle: Definitely
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you next Wednesday at three o'clock. Yeah, okay.
Michelle: All right, and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hang in there. All right.
Michelle: I'm trying
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Don't stop.
Michelle: Yeah, I was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hoping you have good news.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right there is a lot there is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is, I understand there is. So in the meantime, if you need to. If you need to talk in between now and then, you know, now and next week you you know you have things that you want to discuss call virtual clinic and ask them to get in touch with me and I will get back to you ASAP. Okay.
Okay.
Michelle: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, alright. Michelle I will talk to you next week. Okay.
Alrighty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I'll talk to you later.
Michelle: All right, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check back back